The below notes are old.  New ones up top

work on finishing up the lighttpd integration.  each resource folder needs a
url mapping to alias correctly.  

many other fixes needed too.  check itunes/iphoto parsing, 

I wonder.  Make lighttpd handle everything.  Have it fcgi push the stuff over
to the app.  then the app just does the soap stuff, and all static content comes
through the lighty interface.

Else, just watch data packet we send out and make sure it uses the mediaport.

get rid of album art icons, and get lighty handle the cached reduce the complexity of the entier
thing way down.  get rid of hand made webserver, go back to HttpListener.  

The crash I had on the big box was while fetching movie icons and it was "too many files open"
All of that can be fixed I think by letting lighttpd handle it.

---


on start up, dont initialize right away, sleep fora bit?

can I fire up the onlune resources with out firing up 100 threads.  well, 23 or so anyhow

itunes parsing is still way too slow.  And may be broken now

web wrapper creation, especially picasa, no, only picassa, is really slow.

add decent command line parsing to the thing.  

write web site for control, and handler for the rest/or what ever remote calls
to configure, etc.  We have th api handler in place, just need to figure out
how to wire that up.  Id like some kind of complex regex pattern matching that
turns into parameters that get passed to the individual methods. but we will
see

Make the Ajax requests for status generic enough to be used from other
systems., like a mac and pc configuration app.

Logging engine is in place, but needs to be used more completely and correctly.

and install packages, someday, with include dmono dependancies if needed
document code.  Write install instructions, and add usage instructiosn to
internal web site stuff.

Write osx menubar app to use these json.ajax requests to show status and maybe
reconfigure all the servers in the network?  using ssdp code to find them?  but
only ifIc an write it in mono.

Maybe the same thing for the windows status bar

In the SSDP server, monitor other traffic, announces, etc, and keep recorded a
list of know/seen devices.  Maybe for announce messages for media renderers?

Currently config changes only cause the media server to reprocess things.  And
its not too smart about it. Have it be smarter, such as remove or add just the
changed directories.  Also, look into having the SSDP and WebServer react
better to changes.  Ignoring them for now.

Do some kind of sorting wiht the pictures in iphoto.  date?  

