So, with the built in http server, every so often the web server would receive a 
set of headers it didnt seem to like, and it would read them, but then do another read
which would stall out after 30, and the connection would be closed and I wouldnt
get to processit.  data stalled out.

Seemed like the only way to fix it was to write my own web server.  Which I did, 
a simple 1.0 version.  clsoes each connection, etc.  

First thing I noticed is that on windows, stream.reader.getline doesnt eat more than
it sould.  on mono, it did.  wrote a unbuffered one that does teh right thing
one char at at ime.  bit slow, so should do block reading and then undo to the line ending 
character.  

But, now we have a new problem.

The thing works, but i dont know if its the 1.0 breaking of connections, or buffers sizes, 
or what it is, but the data with small buffere sizes runs for a few seconds, pauese, then runs some more
then pauses, etc.  With bigger, we go for longer snippets, but when it gets over the pause, it runs
in fast forward for a bit, to catch up.  Personally, that sounds like my buffers are too big, on the
socket.  made a change, but havent tried it yet.

the disk io is the same, so it must be my network io.  maybe the send buffer size, also maybe the
make and break connections.  Maybe I should figure out how to do a 1.1 thing, and keep the 
old connections around and retry.  Doesnt seem like that should be it either, since the other
vrsion always wrote till the other side hung up, and then they made a different request.  saw
the accepts and everything.  so 1.0 should be ok, just need to figure out the buffers.  also, I wasnt
closing the sockets, so maybe that was a problem too.  

will ttry soon a test.


when moved to basement, use fan for bug removal, and monitor and keyboard under towels

on start up, dont initialize right away, sleep fora bit?

get qmultimedia to auto mount.  not with someone logging in

raid array playback.  looses connection, or looses file, or too slow.
?seeks to blame? why network io faster?

adjusted raid settings, reduced caching.  

SSDP problems were fixed.

make this app only run once.  single instance semaphore somehow.

can I fire up the onlune resources with out firing up 100 threads.  well, 23 or so anyhow

Try reducing the size of the buffer.  or maybe we can maek it adaptable.  based
on what its usually able to send before its disconnected?

itunes parsing is still way too slow.

web wrapper creation, especially picasa, no, only picassa, is really slow.

add decent command line parsing to the thing.  

write web site for control, and handler for the rest/or what ever remote calls
to configure, etc.  We have th api handler in place, just need to figure out
how to wire that up.  Id like some kind of complex regex pattern matching that
turns into parameters that get passed to the individual methods. but we will
see

Make the Ajax requests for status generic enough to be used from other
systems., like a mac and pc configuration app.

Logging engine is in place, but needs to be used more completely and correctly.

Also need to keep and eye on the mime types.  some may be "right", but not what
ps3 wants. 

and install packages, someday, with include dmono dependancies if needed
document code.  Write install instructions, and add usage instructiosn to
internal web site stuff.

Write osx menubar app to use these json.ajax requests to show status and maybe
reconfigure all the servers in the network?  using ssdp code to find them?  but
only ifIc an write it in mono.

Maybe the same thing for the windows status bar

In the SSDP server, monitor other traffic, announces, etc, and keep recorded a
list of know/seen devices.  Maybe for announce messages for media renderers?

Currently config changes only cause the media server to reprocess things.  And
its not too smart about it. Have it be smarter, such as remove or add just the
changed directories.  Also, look into having the SSDP and WebServer react
better to changes.  Ignoring them for now.

Do some kind of sorting wiht the pictures in iphoto.  date?  

